feat(Popover): New `Popover` component (#1595)
cengage/react-magma: website/react-magma-docs/src/pages/api/popover.mdx

Reviewer: Something is causing the examples to error on the docs site: `ReferenceError: Popover is not defined`

            textPosition={CheckboxTextPosition.left}
            labelStyle={{ width: '100%', justifyContent: 'space-between' }}
          />
        </FormGroup>
        <PopoverFooter style={{ justifyContent: 'end', fontWeight: 600 }}>
          <Button size={ButtonSize.small} onClick={handleClose}>
            Apply
          </Button>
        </PopoverFooter>
      </PopoverContent>
    </Popover>
  );
}
```

## Custom Width and Max Height

Customize the size of your popover using the `width` and `maxHeight` props. You can provide these values as strings (with units) or as numbers (interpreted as pixels). Using `width=“taget”` will set the width of the content based on the width of the trigger.

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import { Popover, PopoverTrigger, PopoverContent } from 'react-magma-dom';

export function Example() {
  return (
    <Popover width="300px" maxHeight="200px">
      <PopoverTrigger aria-label="Open popover">
        Custom Size Popover
      </PopoverTrigger>
      <PopoverContent>
        <div>This popover has a fixed width and maximum height</div>
      </PopoverContent>
    </Popover>
  );
}
```

## Popover Positions

> The `position` prop determines where the popover is displayed relative to its trigger. The available options are `PopoverPosition.bottom` (default) and `PopoverPosition.top`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `position` prop sets the default position for the popover in relation to its trigger. It uses floating-ui to move the position if there is not enough space on the screen. The available options are `PopoverPosition.bottom` (default) and `PopoverPosition.top`.
```

          <div>Header Section</div>
        </PopoverHeader>
        <div>Main content of the popover goes here</div>
        <PopoverFooter>
          <div>Footer Section</div>
        </PopoverFooter>
      </PopoverContent>
    </Popover>
  );
}
```

## Popover Trigger Variants

The `PopoverTrigger` component supports both icon-only and text-based triggers. For icon-only triggers, be sure to provide an appropriate `aria-label` for accessibility.

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import {
  Popover,
  PopoverTrigger,
  PopoverContent,
  ButtonSize,
  FormGroup,
  Checkbox,
} from 'react-magma-dom';
import { FilterAltIcon } from 'react-magma-icons';

export function Example() {
  return (
    <Popover width={160}>
      <PopoverTrigger
        icon={<FilterAltIcon />}
        size={ButtonSize.large}
        aria-label="Open popover"
      />
      <PopoverContent>
        <FormGroup>
          <Checkbox labelText="Filter 1" />
          <Checkbox labelText="Filter 2" />
          <Checkbox labelText="Filter 3" />
          <Checkbox labelText="Filter 4" />
        </FormGroup>
      </PopoverContent>
    </Popover>
  );
}
```

## Disabled Popover / Disabled Trigger

> The `isDisabled` property will disable the ability to open the popover. For disabled trigger and enabled content, you need to place the disable button inside the trigger and use the `hoverable` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `isDisabled` property will disable the ability to open the popover. For disabled triggers with enabled content, you need to place the disabled button inside the `PopoverTrigger` and use the `hoverable` property.
```

  };

  return (
    <Popover openByDefault={initialOpen} apiRef={popoverApiRef} width={320}>
      <PopoverTrigger />
      <PopoverContent>
        <span>
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
          eiusmod tempor incididunt.
        </span>
        <FormGroup
          containerStyle={{
            display: 'flex',
            alignItems: 'center',
            justifyContent: 'space-between',
          }}
        >
          <Checkbox
            labelText="Don’t show this again"
            onChange={onChange}
            checked={!checked}
          />
          <Button size={ButtonSize.small} onClick={handleClose}>
            Got it
          </Button>
        </FormGroup>
      </PopoverContent>
    </Popover>
  );
}
```

## Popover Props

**Any additional props supplied will be provided to the wrapping div element.**

<PopoverProps />

## Popover Content Props

**Props supplied will be passed to the wrapping div element containing the popover content.**

<PopoverContentProps />

## Popover Section Props

**Any additional props supplied will be provided to the wrapping section element.**

<PopoverSectionProps />

> 

Reviewer: We are missing PopoverTriggerProps

    sessionStorage.setItem('temporaryOpenByDefault', JSON.stringify(nextValue));

    setChecked(nextValue);
  };

  return (
    <Popover openByDefault={initialOpen} apiRef={popoverApiRef} width={320}>
      <PopoverTrigger />
      <PopoverContent>
        <span>
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
          eiusmod tempor incididunt.
        </span>
        <FormGroup
          containerStyle={{
            display: 'flex',
            alignItems: 'center',
            justifyContent: 'space-between',
          }}
        >
          <Checkbox
            labelText="Don’t show this again"
            onChange={onChange}
            checked={!checked}
          />
          <Button size={ButtonSize.small} onClick={handleClose}>
            Got it
          </Button>
        </FormGroup>
      </PopoverContent>
    </Popover>
  );
}
```

## Popover Props

**Any additional props supplied will be provided to the wrapping div element.**

<PopoverProps />

## Popover Content Props

**Props supplied will be passed to the wrapping div element containing the popover content.**

<PopoverContentProps />

## Popover Section Props

> **Any additional props supplied will be provided to the wrapping section element.**

Reviewer: For this to be true, we'd need to add the rest of the props:

`<PopoverSection section={SectionEnum.header} style={style} {...others}>`

<PopoverSectionProps />

## Popover Trigger Props

**Props supplied to the PopoverTrigger component will be provided to the underlying button element.**

> <PopoverTriggerProps />

Reviewer: For some reason, these are not visible in the docs page
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7825f508-796c-418c-9f8e-feeae2729244)
